♪ It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
Good old-fashioned values ♪
[all] ♪ On which we used to rely? ♪
♪ Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
Positively can do ♪
♪ All the things that make us ♪
♪ Laugh and cry ♪
[all] ♪ He's a family guy ♪
Oh, hi, you guys. How was school?
Eh, it was fine.
But we had a substitute bully today
and he was doing it wrong.
Okay, it says "tape sign on back."
Is that... Is that your back, my back?
I-I got to be honest,
I only got called in 45 minutes ago.
[sighs] Just pinch my nipples
and get out of here.
We need you to
sign these permission slips.
We're taking a school field trip
to Washington DC.
Great, bring 'em here
and I'll give you my John Hancock.
-Who's that?
-I'm sorry, I mean my Lane Bryant.
Well, just say that, then.
Big day, gentlemen. It's the one day
a year Peter eats a salad.
Poor bastard. No one should have to
go through that hell.
He made a promise to Lois.
It was actually in their wedding vows.
All right, let's get this over with.
I brought the whitest-looking lettuce
from McDonald's I could find.
I'm hoping it has McNugget
smell accidentally on it.
I brought today's newspaper like you asked
so you'd have proof of salad.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Got it.
I love my wife. I love my wife.
I love my wife.
[gulps, sighs]
[cheering]
And inside this local tavern,
a portly gentleman has just consumed
his annual salad.
I'm Garrison Keillor,
and I was "MeToo'd" for quaintly groping,
so now I'm doing this.
So, Chris, Meg, you guys excited
for your big trip to Washington DC?
Yeah. The cool kids are
bringing a candy-colored version
of whatever drug the media is
most freaking parents out about.
-What?
-Relax, Mom.
We're being supervised
by public school employees
who themselves are battling
their own crippling addictions.
Peter, are you hearing this?
I'm not. I'm chewing Cap'n Crunch,
I can't hear anything.
[loud crunching]
I just worry,
but I guess that's what moms do.
Well, that and give you a recap of
everyone who's died that you don't know.
You know, Leonard died.
-Who?
-Leonard.
-Okay.
-Estelle's pretty upset.
And right on the heels of Abner.
-Uh-huh.
-You should probably call Edith.
I'll give you Alfred's number.
Who the hell are these people?
Is this just an excuse
to say old people's names?
Vivian.
[cell phone dings]
[camera shutter clicks]
Huh.
What's the matter?
You look upset.
Eh, it's just, Joe's been pretty stingy
with his "ha ha's" over text.
I think you're probably
reading into that.
No, seriously. Cleveland sends some
lame crap and Joe "ha ha's" it.
I send a photo of me hanging a foreclosure
notice over a toilet, nothing.
I'm telling you, he never laughs
at anything of mine.
He must have given you
one at some point.
I mean, sure, at some point.
Oh, my God.
He's literally never given me one.
Joe doesn't think I'm funny?
Oh, thank God you're here.
You know funny when you hear it.
Hey, Ostrich, did you hear that crazy
story about the monkey's favorite food?
It's bananas.
[ostrich] Hmm.
[indistinct conversations]
Hey, gang, I know you're not used to
seeing your teachers in shorts,
so let's get it all out of the way.
[students gasp]
They're just legs, guys.
Oh, one more thing.
We do have a surprise chaperone
for this trip.
Everyone say hi to
Chris and Meg's mom, Lois Griffin.
Aah! Woot, woot!
Did somebody say "cool mom
with an Activia fanny pack"?
They give you a free one
if you send in enough lids.
I've got two fanny packs
and a very healthy colon.
[both] Our chaperone is Mom?
You're lucky. My mother died last year
after a long illness.
You got your GoFundMe money,
so shut up!
Mom, what the hell
are you doing here?
Are you trying
to kill our reputation?
Oh, relax, you two.
I'm gonna be the cool mom, huh?
I may even have the kids
call me Mrs. G.
[laughs] Mrs. G.
Can you imagine?
Just like Mrs. Garrett
from The Facts of Life.
Nobody knows who that is.
Come on. Tootie? Blair? Jo?
Bitch, what you talking about?
Just settle down, you guys.
I promise I won't embarrass you.
Okay, everyone, I've got candy.
Everybody reach in
but just take one.
Fanny candy?
Fanny candy? Fanny candy?
Oh, my God, this is terrible.
This is more embarrassing
than when I tried to return that RealDoll.
Uh, yes, hello, I would
like to return my RealDoll.
[woman on phone] Okay,
and what condition is the doll in?
Um, let's say "fair."
-Any visible marks?
-Some light choking.
We can't take the doll back
if there are choke marks.
Oh, no, no, no,
the choke marks are on me,
and in her defense,
I did have it coming.
Actually, I don't
want to return the RealDoll.
This is just part of the dance.
Oh, no. I didn't realize
you were there the whole time.
I hope I'm not in for some light choking.
Why do you even care if Joe's never
laughed at your texts?
Brian, I know it seems like
I have it all, but even I,
a man with 15 Halloween masks,
have my struggles with insecurity.
So, what are you gonna do?
I decided to give him
a taste of his own medicine.
From this day forward, I will never laugh
at another one of Joe's texts.
[cell phone dings]
[laughs]
His-his mind just works
in a different way than mine.
Oh, no. Accidental heart,
accidental heart.
Quick, replace it with a "ha ha."
Phew, that was close.
I was almost gay.
Huh.
Peter just came out of the closet.
Uh, no he didn't.
[announcer] The heart emoji:
careful, straight dudes!
[sighs]
Look at us.
Different generations
enjoying a fancy resort.
-Mom, don't, please.
-Quiet, Meg.
So, I saw a really funny TikTok.
Do you know that one?
You're gonna have to be
more specific. Which one?
Uh, there's-there's more than one?
Why is everyone leaving?
You're lame
and we don't want to be with you.
Come on, guys,
let's go watch CNBC in the lobby.
Yeah, I think I saw a bowl of bananas.
God, those kids are a nightmare.
They're just so mean.
Just be thankful
this isn't your entire life.
You get to go home
at the end of all of this
to a family
and someone you love.
Oh, come on, I'm sure there's
someone special in your life.
You know, there was someone.
A long time ago.
It was 1993,
and I was folding clothes at a Structure.
Everyone was, back then.
Then I saw her.
Shelly Barnes.
Boy, was she something.
Tall, tan. She was more scrunchie
than woman.
[Principal Shepherd]
We wanted the dream:
our own Taco Bell franchise.
But then it happened,
the one thing
you never want to hear.
Hey, John.
I was just thinking.
What if we open a Taco Bell/Pizza Hut?
[record scratch]
[distorted groaning]
The psychic who told me to do this
never said anything about Pizza Hut.
I was young and bullheaded.
I had these ideas
of what fast food should be.
Worst part was,
when I told her the bad news,
she threw my retainer
right in the bushes.
I looked for a little bit, but eventually
I just said, "Eh, screw it."
Anyway, that one argument
consumed us.
Never saw Shelly again.
I'm so sorry to hear all that,
Principal Shepherd.
[groans]
Whew, what a day.
-I need a drink.
-Jack on the rocks?
No, in the toilet,
but I'll have that drink now.
Hey, Joe, you know, you might want to
contact your cell carrier.
All your "ha ha's" are coming through
as "thumbs up" lately.
-Oh, boy.
-What's, uh...
What's with you never laughing
at any of my texts?
Peter, maybe now's not the time.
-No, no, no, tell me. What is it?
-Honestly? Nothing.
I just don't always think
you're all that funny.
Wow.
Uh, okay. Wow.
Look, if I want someone
to burp the national anthem,
there is no second call,
it's you or nobody.
Thank you, Joe.
Thank you for saying that.
When it comes to laughs,
you're just not my cup of tea.
I've never even seen Austin Powers.
Oh, well, there you go!
All right, fellas, I got to run.
Look, this doesn't change anything, Peter.
You're my friend.
No hard feelings.
Oh yeah, no hard feelings,
like your dink?
I'll see you around, Peter.
I'll tell you what,
I'm gonna get a laugh from him.
Hmm.
I'm not sure about that.
Seems like
he's prayed on this one.
Well, I'm gonna
give it the old college try.
[video game beeping]
-Are you gonna go to class?
-No.
There you are.
You're not gonna believe this.
They got the blood
out of the ice machine?
-No, I found your ex on Facebook.
-What?
Shelly Barnes. She lives only,
like, 30 miles from here.
Hmm. Is 30 miles enough time
for me to get totally jacked
before I see her?
You can do push-ups
in the bus aisle. Let's go find her.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Hey, listen up.
Anyone seen Principal Shepherd?
He said he had to go to the men's room
and he disappeared.
[student] I'm not sure.
I think we're all finger-blasting
anything that moves back here.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me, have you seen
a heavyset, middle-aged man?
Kind of sad-looking?
Hmm.
Oh.
Hey, you know, there was a guy that
left in a yellow cab a few minutes ago.
He got the number from
a magazine in his pocket.
I've never seen such
stretched-out pockets on a sport coat.
Oh, my God, that's him.
Principal Shepherd
must have run away.
Do you have any security footage
from the lobby?
Sorry, the only video we have
is from the karaoke lounge.
He killed "Sublime", by the way.
♪ I don't practice Santeria ♪
♪ I ain't got no crystal ball ♪
♪ Well, I had a million dollars but... ♪
Don't take those fries.
I'm not done.
♪ I'd spend it all
If I could find... ♪
I-I... Ugh, I lost my place.
Start it over from the top, Gene.
Okay, guys,
Principal Shepherd is gone.
Did you check
the karaoke lounge?
He got in a huge fight
with that Gene guy.
I know you think adults are lame.
That we're just big bags of crap
that drink coffee,
but we are people, too.
Most of the things you think
are important now aren't.
Looks fade, waists expand,
chins double and dreams die.
And one day, one day, you're gonna wish
that a bus full of punk kids
would come along
and help when you need it most.
Now, that man is scared and alone,
and he needs us right now.
Now, who's with me?
[cheering]
[sighs] Wait a minute,
if Principal Shepherd's gone,
who's gonna drive the bus?
[toilet flushes]
Someone say something
about a bus driver?
I still need six hours
of supervised road time
for my B Class license,
but I'm pretty sure
I can handle this bad boy...
Meg, let's go find our principal.
[engine starts]
-[stomach gurgles]
-Ooh, sorry.
Sorry, guys. I got some, but I think
the troublemaker's still in there.
-[lock clicks]
-[fart]
Can someone please turn
on the always-1978 bus radio?
[radio clicks]
♪ I cried a tear... ♪
[loud farting]
♪ You wiped it dry... ♪
[all] Ew!
[Meg] It's not my fault. It's a ballad.
[RJ] 97.1 WBUS:
songs you can't poop over on a bus.
Soft stoolin' our way through the '70s.
♪ I love you... ♪
[farting continues]
♪ I honestly love you... ♪
[all]
Ew!
[Meg]
Change the damn station!
Whoa, whoa.
Where you going?
I've had it, Brian.
I am getting a "ha ha" from Joe
if it's the last thing I do.
And how are you planning
to do this?
I'm gonna send a funny text
and sneak over to Joe's and "ha ha" it.
But why are you wearing all black?
So no one will see me.
[chuckles]
-[tires screech]
-[loud thud]
-[Peter] Aah!
-[man] Why are you wearing all black?
[Peter] Why are you wearing
a lady's ball gown?
[man] Let's both resume
whatever it is we were doing.
[air hissing]
-[typing]
-[text sends]
[vibrates]
[straining]
Aah!
Who's there?
[grunting]
Don't struggle.
It only makes it tighter.
[straining]
Aah!
[grunting]
Peter? What the hell
is going on here?
[Bonnie] Joe? Joe, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, Bon.
[Bonnie] Oh.
We looked all night and there's no sign
of Principal Shepherd anywhere.
Oh, my God, of course.
Stop the bus, Meg. Look!
Gotcha.
[indistinct conversation]
-I thought I might find you here.
-Mrs. Griffin, I, uh...
Look, I wanted to say I'm sorry.
I... I shouldn't have inserted
myself into your personal life.
That... That was wrong of me.
I know you just wanted to help.
I just...
[sighs] I just panicked.
I got so scared of her seeing me now
and thinking that
I'm this big loser.
Hey, you are not a loser.
May I remind you I wear
Saucony sneakers and Lee jeans.
[sighs] You...
You are not a loser.
[groans]
Mrs. Griffin,
yo quiero one more chance.
Well, Mr. Griffin, the surgery
went according to plan.
Great, thank you, Dr. Hartman.
I didn't know how to
categorize your injuries
on the insurance form,
so I just put "gay stabbing."
[stutters] Oh, okay, who else...
who else sees that?
Oh, almost-almost nobody.
It's just for, like,
file-keeping record stuff.
[cell phone dings]
Go get 'em.
Shelly?
Hi, it's, uh, it's me, John Shepherd.
-Listen, John, I-I think maybe--
-Hang on.
Just-just let me say what I want to say.
God, you look great.
Listen, I know it must be odd
to see me standing here
all these years later.
And although I look like a man
on the outside--
Shelly lives in the house next door.
Oh. Oh, uh, uh, which, uh...
Oh, the one with the aboveground pool
and angry dogs tied
to the tree in the front yard.
[dog growling]
[doorbell rings]
No way. John Shepherd?
Is that really you?
It is. Shelly?
-[barking]
-Shut up! Shut up, you idiots!
I'd invite you in,
but my uncle's getting dialysis
-right here in the bonus room.
-Oh, wow.
Uh, listen, I was...
I was just in the neighborhood.
I wanted to come by
and see how you've been.
Yeah, not too bad.
[belches]
You know, I ended up opening
the Taco Bell/Pizza Hut,
but it never really took off.
I think, ultimately,
it came down to me trading
too many pizzas for drugs.
[laughs]
Right, right.
Listen, I actually got
to get these kids somewhere.
Well, it was nice
to see you, John.
You ever want to hang out,
you know where to find me.
You'll find her in the wind
and in the trees around you.
Where the leaves blow
and the river flows.
I'm sorry, who are you?
I'm Jared Fogle,
the former Subway spokesperson.
Not sure I want you
in my thought bubble.
-Aren't you in prison?
-Yes.
This is how I spend my days
in my cell.
Hey, how many kids
you got on this bus, by the way?
[grunts] This is why!
This is why I don't want you in there!
Thanks for pushing me
to go find my first love.
Sorry it ended up being
such a waste of time.
No, this was not a waste.
You just found out you won.
I did? How so?
Your ex-girlfriend
is a total loser.
Meanwhile, you have
a great job with a pension,
a house and a car
with all different-color doors.
You're right.
I guess old Shep's doing okay.
You sure are.
Now, all you got to do
is just not humiliate yourself
on a bus full of children.
Ooh, on that note,
I got to make a quick stop
in the little boy's room.
-[lock clicks]
-[Principal Shepherd] Turn on the radio!
♪ You're looking kind of lonely, girl... ♪
-[farting]
-[all] Ew!
♪ Would you like someone new... ♪
[all] Ew!
[Principal Shepherd]
This bowl's getting very full.
I strongly suggest
we don't go up or down any hills.
♪ I'm feeling kind of lonely, too ♪
♪ If you don't mind ♪
♪ Can I sit down here beside you? ♪
[farting continues]
♪ Ah, yeah ♪
♪ All right. ♪
[♪ theme music playing]